UPDATE: Since the publication of this article, Mauricio Pochettino has been fired and former Chelsea and Manchester United coach Jose Mourinho has been hired as the head coach of Tottenham. Nevertheless, the actuality of this prediction should not change as not enough time would have passed leading up to the match on Saturday. West Ham face Tottenham at London Stadium on Saturday lunchtime in a clash between two embattled sides at the wrong end of the Premier League. The new and arguably the best betting site in Nigeria of 2019 22Bet offers its take on what might take place during the match. West Ham has taken just two points from their last six league fixtures, while Spurs have won just three of their opening 12 matches. Manuel Pellegrini and Mauricio Pochettino are both under pressure to deliver results quickly after both sides made significant investments into their squads over the summer. For West Ham, Pablo Fornals has yet to impress, while Tanguy Ndombele has not had the impact Spurs fans would have been hoping for. West Ham are certain to be without Manuel Lanzini and Lukasz Fabianski, both of whom will not return until the new year. Jack Wilshere and Mark Noble should be back in training but may not be fit enough to feature, while Michail Antonio is likely to be fit following a hamstring issue. For Spurs, Hugo Lloris is still out with a dislocated elbow that will keep him out for a number of months. Jan Vertonghen and Erik Lamela are both doubts and will be assessed in the run-up to the game later this week. Pellegrini and Pochettino are very much under pressure and both will have used the international break to reassess where things have been going wrong so far this season. West Ham started well but have seen their form deteriorate rapidly, while Spurs have been unable to win the tight games they had become so good at edging last season. Both sides have talent in their squads, and Harry Kane and Harry Winks will be hoping to follow up good performances for England with a return to form at club level. Seb Haller has looked good up top for West Ham, but the absence of Fabianski in goal has coincided with their disastrous run. Overall, expect this to end in a 0-0 stalemate, with neither side able to muster the confidence to secure the win. Make sure to bet on the match with 22Bet Nigeria, using their exclusive N50,000 welcome betting bonus.